README.md, before:

# Iridium's SBD Direct-IP communications

Iridium's Direct-IP protocol of Short Burst Data communication system.

This crate is focused on transmitting Mobile Terminated messages, often used
to send commands to a remote station. For instance, it could be used to
communicate with an under water glider (a scientific autonomous robot).

## Minimum supported Rust version

Currently the minimum supported Rust version is 1.57.0

## License

Licensed under either of

* Apache License, Version 2.0
   ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
* MIT license
   ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

## Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be
dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.

## Alternatives

* [sbd-rs](https://crates.io/crates/sbd): Handles the Mobile-Originated side
  of the SBD protocol and provides a server to listen for incoming MO messages
  . It was visionary to use Rust in 2015! (@gadomski, 2015)
* [sbd_lib](https://crates.io/crates/sbd_lib): I believe it contains some
  elements of the sbd-rs crate, extending to MT messages while using serde
  to serialize and deserialize. Some interesting uses of the language
  beyond the basics. (@a1ien, 2018)
* [sbd.py](https://xed.ch/project/isbd/) This is a Python solution with a lot
  of information on the protocol and concepts. Very useful independent of the
  language you will use. (@cxed, 2016)

Commit message:

MT confirmation (#19)
* fix: total_size shall collect total_size of each element.

Before it was collecting len of each element, missing the first three
opening bytes.

* Implemented from_reader() for MT-Message

* Useless conversion

* Confirmation Builder

* wip: confirmation status for humans

* Implementing Display for MessageStatus

* Implemented is_success() for MessageStatus

Ignores details on the transmission and returns true if confirmed
delivery.

* Cosmetic changes in MessageStatus display

* Function to expose message_status from confirmation

* Exposing some components public for directip-client

@luizirber, how do you feel about making all these functions & structs
pub? Do we have an alternative without making it too complicated? For
the client we could expose a String with the notification only and keep
everything else private.

* Cleaner syntax for is_success()

* Allow Confirmation.is_successiful() as deadcode for now

* Improving confirmation building

* fix: command test, use argument itself instead of a reference

* Bumping versions

- lib: MTMessage::from_reader()
- client: Report success or error on transmission

* Updating requirements

* Downgrading assert_cmd

* Pointing to App in the main readme

* Minimal Rust version bumped to 1.64

* Testing MT-Message with Confirmation from_reader()

* Testing Confirmation round trip: write & read

* Deriving Eq for MT::Confirmation

* Using reference to MessageStatus to avoid copy

* Cleaning

* Exposing confirmation_message() only

README.md, after:

# Iridium's SBD Direct-IP communications

Iridium's Direct-IP protocol of Short Burst Data communication system.

This library understands and handles the Direct-IP protocol, thus providing
the core support for applications such as the one listed below.

## Applications

- [directip-client](https://crates.io/crates/directip-client): Compose and
  transmit MT messages, i.e. to remote station. For instance, it could be
  used to send a message to an underwater glider (a scientific autonomous
  robot).

- [directip-dump](https://crates.io/crates/directip-dump): Parse and extract
  components, such as the IMEI or message-id, from a Direct-IP binary
  transmission. This is an equivalent to ncdump but for Direct-IP messages.

## Minimum supported Rust version

Currently the minimum supported Rust version is 1.64.0

## License

Licensed under either of

* Apache License, Version 2.0
   ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
* MIT license
   ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

## Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be
dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.

## Alternatives

* [sbd-rs](https://crates.io/crates/sbd): Handles the Mobile-Originated side
  of the SBD protocol and provides a server to listen for incoming MO messages
  . It was visionary to use Rust in 2015! (@gadomski, 2015)
* [sbd_lib](https://crates.io/crates/sbd_lib): I believe it contains some
  elements of the sbd-rs crate, extending to MT messages while using serde
  to serialize and deserialize. Some interesting uses of the language
  beyond the basics. (@a1ien, 2018)
* [sbd.py](https://xed.ch/project/isbd/) This is a Python solution with a lot
  of information on the protocol and concepts. Very useful independent of the
  language you will use. (@cxed, 2016)
