directip-dump/README.md, before:

# Iridium's SBD Direct-IP Dump

Iridium's Direct-IP protocol of Short Burst Data (SBD) communication system.

This crate is focused on parsing and extracting information from Direct-IP
(binary) messages. It could be used, for instance, to identify if a message is
an MT type, expose the IMEI, or show the payload.

## Install

### MacOS (Apple Silicon)

``` shell
curl -o directip -L https://github.com/castelao/DirectIP/releases/latest/download/directip-dump-aarch64-apple-darwin
chmod +x directip
```

### MacOS (Intel)

``` shell
curl -o directip -L https://github.com/castelao/DirectIP/releases/latest/download/directip-dump-x86_64-apple-darwin
chmod +x directip
```

### Linux (arm)

``` shell
curl -o directip -L https://github.com/castelao/DirectIP/releases/latest/download/directip-dump-arm-unknown-linux-gnueabihf
chmod +x directip
```

### Linux (x86_64)

``` shell
curl -o directip -L https://github.com/castelao/DirectIP/releases/latest/download/directip-dump-x86_64-unknown-linux-musl
chmod +x directip
```

### Windows (x86_64)

``` shell
Invoke-WebRequest -Uri 'https://github.com/castelao/DirectIP/releases/latest/download/directip-dump-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc.exe' -OutFile directip
```

### From source code

Install the Rust compiler if you don't already have it. Follow the
instructions at https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install

Compile it by running: `cargo build --release -p directip-dump`

## Options and customization

## Examples

## Minimum supported Rust version

Currently the minimum supported Rust version is 1.60.0

## License

Licensed under either of

* Apache License, Version 2.0
   ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
* MIT license
   ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

## Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be
dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.

Commit message:

Working on parameters for dump CLI (#25)
* Implementing imei() for MT::Confirmation

* Implementing imei() for Header MT & MO

* Implementing header() & imei() for MOMessage

* Implementing header() & imei() for MTMessage

* Implementing imei() for Message

* Prototype of directip-dump with direction & imei options

* Importing top level directip::Message

* Minimal documentation on --imei & --direction

* Testing command without an input

* dev dependency on assert_cmd

* Removing forced failure used to check GA procedure

* Testing --direction with MT

* Holding Clap on 4.0

* Renaming test file

* --imei returning as hex

* Cleaning useless comments

* Minimalist functions documentation

* Deriving some attributes for the command

* Minimalist example, direction only

* Some notes to think about

* Patch upgrade on dump App

* Core library version upgrade

Require some changes from the core library, thus requiring a new
version.

* Updating Cargo.lock

directip-dump/README.md, after:

# Iridium's SBD Direct-IP Dump

Iridium's Direct-IP protocol of Short Burst Data (SBD) communication system.

This crate is focused on parsing and extracting information from Direct-IP
(binary) messages. It could be used, for instance, to identify if a message is
an MT type, expose the IMEI, or show the payload.

## Install

### MacOS (Apple Silicon)

``` shell
curl -o directip -L https://github.com/castelao/DirectIP/releases/latest/download/directip-dump-aarch64-apple-darwin
chmod +x directip
```

### MacOS (Intel)

``` shell
curl -o directip -L https://github.com/castelao/DirectIP/releases/latest/download/directip-dump-x86_64-apple-darwin
chmod +x directip
```

### Linux (arm)

``` shell
curl -o directip -L https://github.com/castelao/DirectIP/releases/latest/download/directip-dump-arm-unknown-linux-gnueabihf
chmod +x directip
```

### Linux (x86_64)

``` shell
curl -o directip -L https://github.com/castelao/DirectIP/releases/latest/download/directip-dump-x86_64-unknown-linux-musl
chmod +x directip
```

### Windows (x86_64)

``` shell
Invoke-WebRequest -Uri 'https://github.com/castelao/DirectIP/releases/latest/download/directip-dump-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc.exe' -OutFile directip
```

### From source code

Install the Rust compiler if you don't already have it. Follow the
instructions at https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install

Compile it by running: `cargo build --release -p directip-dump`

## Options and customization

- direction: Identify if message is of type mobile terminated (MT) or mobile
             originated (MO).

- imei: Extract the IMEI from the given message.

## Examples

```shell,no_run
directip-dump --direction my_file.isbd
```

## Minimum supported Rust version

Currently the minimum supported Rust version is 1.60.0

## License

Licensed under either of

* Apache License, Version 2.0
   ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
* MIT license
   ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

## Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be
dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.
